You little bitch
Who allowed you to come here?
Gu Family, what are you doing?
He's just a kid.
He's my child.
I can do whatever I want.
If you run around again
I'll break your leg
This is Gu Siya's child
I shouldn't have meddled
I just saw him treat Xiaobao like this
Why am I feeling uncomfortable?
Son, you're awake
Do you feel any discomfort?
Mom
What are you doing here?
These people are making a big deal out of it.
What about Assistant Lin?
Did you find the person who drugged me?
Who drugged you?
Wasn't someone drugged at the New Town Hotel last night?
I was sent to the hospital.
Son, what year do you think it is?
18 years, why are you asking this?
Hey
Doctor, show my son what's wrong with him
Let's observe
After all, the human brain is a complex organ
He can't have amnesia, right?
Oh, I mean, uh
It's fine if there's nothing serious wrong.
Don't worry, son.
Mom will accompany you to recover slowly?
Xiaobao and I will accompany your mother.
They are
This is your wife and children